tasks.md, before:

# Tasks left to do for the project

## Implementation

- [x] Remove all unnecessary code from the project.
  - [x] stupid prints left by Rasmus.
  - [x] General cleanup.
- [x] Change benchmarks assumptions to fit with our golden algorithm.
  - [x] Set number of read/writes in GPU inclusive scan to 2.
- [ ] Change lookback scan to use multiple threads scan for better performance.
  - [ ] Change lookback scan to use `WARP` number of threads for can.
  - [ ] Change lookback scan to use `BLOCKSIZE` number of threads for scan.
- [ ] Optimise lookback scan to use less global reads.
- [ ] Implement templates for variadic types.
  - [ ] Write kernel tests for a `float32` version.
  - [ ] Write kernel tests for a `(int32, int32, int32, int32)`.
- [ ] Optional: Implement fence free lookback version.

## Report

- [ ] Create overleaf document.
- [ ] Create benchmark code in python to compare performance of different implementations.
  - [ ] Plot GB/s over N where N = 2^x for x in [10,30].
  - [ ] For the best model, plot heatmap of GB/s for different combinations of Q, B and N:
    - [ ] Q: [2, 4, 7, 8, 10, 13, 16, 20, 24, 30, 32, 40]
    - [ ] B: [32, 64, 128, 256, 512, 1024]
    - [ ] N: 2^x for x in [10, 30]
- [ ] Create tables of the above for use in the appendix.
- [ ] Create code snippets for the report.
  - [ ] Create code snippets for the general kernel implementation.
    - [ ] Write detailed explanation of the how the kernel operates.
  - [ ] Create code snippet specifically for lookback scan.
    - [ ] Write detailed explanation of how the lookback scan works.
- [ ] Write the report.
  - [ ] Write the introduction.
  - [ ] Write the background.
  - [ ] Write the implementation.
  - [ ] Write the results.
  - [ ] Write the conclusion.
  - [ ] Write the appendix.

Commit message:

added tmeplates for all functions created float experiments will finish later.

tasks.md, after:

# Tasks left to do for the project

## Implementation

- [x] Remove all unnecessary code from the project.
  - [x] stupid prints left by Rasmus.
  - [x] General cleanup.
- [x] Change benchmarks assumptions to fit with our golden algorithm.
  - [x] Set number of read/writes in GPU inclusive scan to 2.
- [ ] Change lookback scan to use multiple threads scan for better performance.
  - [ ] Change lookback scan to use `WARP` number of threads for can.
  - [ ] Change lookback scan to use `BLOCKSIZE` number of threads for scan.
- [ ] Optimise lookback scan to use less global reads.
- [ ] Implement templates for variadic types and implement tests.
  - [x] write templates for relevant functions.
  - [ ] Write kernel tests for a `float32` version.
  - [ ] Write kernel tests for a `(int32, int32, int32, int32)`.
- [ ] Optional: Implement fence free lookback version.

## Report

- [ ] Create overleaf document.
- [ ] Create benchmark code in python to compare performance of different implementations.
  - [ ] Plot GB/s over N where N = 2^x for x in [10,30].
  - [ ] For the best model, plot heatmap of GB/s for different combinations of Q, B and N:
    - [ ] Q: [2, 4, 7, 8, 10, 13, 16, 20, 24, 30, 32, 40]
    - [ ] B: [32, 64, 128, 256, 512, 1024]
    - [ ] N: 2^x for x in [10, 30]
- [ ] Create tables of the above for use in the appendix.
- [ ] Create code snippets for the report.
  - [ ] Create code snippets for the general kernel implementation.
    - [ ] Write detailed explanation of the how the kernel operates.
  - [ ] Create code snippet specifically for lookback scan.
    - [ ] Write detailed explanation of how the lookback scan works.
- [ ] Write the report.
  - [ ] Write the introduction.
  - [ ] Write the background.
  - [ ] Write the implementation.
  - [ ] Write the results.
  - [ ] Write the conclusion.
  - [ ] Write the appendix.
